Today my royal family wants to go to the White House to fight a boy.
Swear to death.
Oh, big news.
Take a picture
Try to take a picture of the royal family who wants to declare war on the White House
This coastal city is about to change.
Wang Xien, are you crazy?
You're forcing me.
He had not been detained for many years.
I want to destroy the Chen family first.
Destroy your White House again.
I can't believe this psychopath shows up layer by layer to cause trouble.
In that case.
The old man simply did.
Kill you!
The beautiful clown Qin Xiaohao
Today's battle looks like I lost.
Your father killed you too.
The soft-skinned woman next to you
I'll take good care of him.
Wang can't call without a phone?
Wang Huan, don't try.
Today the king is dead.
It's impossible.
Royal power
One side.
Cyber grass
The paradox is difficult.
Exactly.
The royal family was robbed today.
And you're the only one.
It's impossible.
You must care about me.
Big news
Today the imperial family was accused of many crimes, the owner was secretly arrested.
Choose a trial date
Young master, I'm wrong.
Please spare me a dog's life.
Hum.